VideoPress: improve requesting data for private videos (#28797)
Automattic/jetpack: projects/packages/videopress/src/client/lib/get-media-token/Readme.md

-   _args_ `object`:
-   _args.id_ `?number`: Post ID, used when requesting the `playback` token.
-   _args.guid_ `?string`: Video GUID, used when requesting the `playback` token.
-   _args.adminAjaxAPI `?string`: URL of the Admin Ajax API.
-   _args.filename `?string`: Filename used when requesting `upload` token.
-   _args.flushToken `?boolean`: Pass true when flushing the tokens' store is desired.

-   `Promise`: Promise that responds to a request with the token data object.

```es6
import getMediaToken from './';

async function myPostHandler( postId, guid ) {
	const playbackTokenData = getMediaToken( 'playback', { id: postId, guid } );
	if ( playbackTokenData?.token ) {
		console.log( 'playback token: ', playbackTokenData.token );
	}
}
```

## Storing tokens layer

It uses localStorage to store and reuse `playback` tokens.
The goal is simple: reduce the requests to the server.

The first time the app requests the playback token,
the helper will perform a request to the server side to get it.

After that, it generates a unique token key and stores it in the client's localStore.
Also, it defines an expiration value that will determine the token's life cycle

> The next time the app request to token, the helper will check if the token is already stored in the localStorage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next time the app requests the token, the helper will check if the token is already stored in the localStorage.
```

Reviewer 2: I think this typo is back, maybe because of some force-pushed change without the prior fix. It's minor, though.
